Readme.md, before:

# The Galactic Library Of Intellectual Property
![](library.webp)

There is a misconception that has not been overcome since we can
send and store information digitally.

It is mistakenly believed that **books** can exist as **ebooks**  in the internet,
just as their physical cousins
can on a book shelf.

For this wrongful purpose, the **electronic book**  was invented.

But in the internet,  **ebook** is merely a metaphor -- and a false one at that.
There is no *analogue* to books in the digital world.
The metaphor of the **ebook** just makes no sense.

Storage and transmission of information have become much simpler today,
but some valuable benefits of the printed book have been lost:

- A printed book can be easily traded as a commodity. With digital information,
  however, we have a completely different situation. Why should one pay for something
  that cannot be touched or carried away?
- Intellectual property could be clearly defined and protected through books or
  documents. On the internet, however, any information can be copied or altered
  much more easily than has been the case before. 

However, today we have a technology available that can clearly define intellectual
property even in the digital realm: **The Blockchain**

This project will apply the concepts of the Web3 world to text as intellectual property.
Intellectual property can be a business again: **The Galactic Library
Of Intellectual Property** has come to the rescue.

This library will **dissolve** ebooks and make them accessable and tradable in slices, using
a database: **Sell content, not ebooks.**

# Fallbeispiel: Ein Roman von Charles Dickens.

Der Roman *Great Expectations* von Charles Dickens liegt als freies **ebook** vor. Das Urheberrecht des Autors ist
inzwischen abgelaufen. Damit eignet sich dieser Klassiker als Fallbeispiel
für die **GlIP** (*Galactic Library
Of Intellectual Property*).

Das *ebook* wird extrahiert und seine Bestandteile in eine MongoDB-Datenbank übertragen. An geeigneter Stelle
werden dabei Metadaten zum Content hinzugefügt. Diese Metadaten 
ermöglichen die Verknüpfung des Romans mit einem **NFT**.-


# Further reading:

- [An Open Market For Words](https://www.alexanderweinmann.com/blog/lyrxbooks)
- [eBooks On The Blockchain](https://www.alexanderweinmann.com/blog/ebooks)

Commit message:

case study: Great Expectations English

Readme.md, after:

# The Galactic Library Of Intellectual Property
![](library.webp)

There is a misconception that has not been overcome since we can
send and store information digitally.

It is mistakenly believed that **books** can exist as **ebooks**  in the internet,
just as their physical cousins
can on a book shelf.

For this wrongful purpose, the **electronic book**  was invented.

But in the internet,  **ebook** is merely a metaphor -- and a false one at that.
There is no *analogue* to books in the digital world.
The metaphor of the **ebook** just makes no sense.

Storage and transmission of information have become much simpler today,
but some valuable benefits of the printed book have been lost:

- A printed book can be easily traded as a commodity. With digital information,
  however, we have a completely different situation. Why should one pay for something
  that cannot be touched or carried away?
- Intellectual property could be clearly defined and protected through books or
  documents. On the internet, however, any information can be copied or altered
  much more easily than has been the case before. 

However, today we have a technology available that can clearly define intellectual
property even in the digital realm: **The Blockchain**

This project will apply the concepts of the Web3 world to text as intellectual property.
Intellectual property can be a business again: **The Galactic Library
Of Intellectual Property** has come to the rescue.

This library will **dissolve** ebooks and make them accessable and tradable in slices, using
a database: **Sell content, not ebooks.**

# Case Study: A Novel by Charles Dickens.

The novel *Great Expectations* by Charles Dickens is available as a free **ebook**. The author's copyright has
expired. This makes this classic a suitable case study
for the **GLIP** (*Galactic Library
Of Intellectual Property*).

The *ebook* is extracted and its components are transferred to a MongoDB database. At appropriate points,
metadata about the content is added. This metadata
enables the novel to be linked with an **NFT**.

# Further reading:

- [An Open Market For Words](https://www.alexanderweinmann.com/blog/lyrxbooks)
- [eBooks On The Blockchain](https://www.alexanderweinmann.com/blog/ebooks)
